README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="app/public/Icon.png/" width="200" height="200" alt="Choreo Planer Icon">

# Choreo Planer

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool?style=for-the-badge)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/In_Development-ffb02e?style=for-the-badge&logo=checkmarx&logoColor=white&label=status)

![Server Version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool?filename=server%2Fpackage.json&style=for-the-badge&label=Server%20Version)
![Website Version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool?filename=app%2Fpackage.json&style=for-the-badge&label=Website%20Version)

![Website status](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.choreo-planer.de&style=for-the-badge)
![Backend status](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.choreo-planer.de&style=for-the-badge&label=Backend)

![Backend server build status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool/docker-server-image.yml?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white&label=Backend%20Build%20(Server))
![Frontend build status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool/pages.yml?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white&label=Frontend%20Build)

![Last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool?style=for-the-badge)
![Top languages](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool?style=for-the-badge)
![Language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool?style=for-the-badge)


`Planning tool for choreographies in cheerleading and dance`

</div>

## :iphone: Socials

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow%20on%20Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/choreoplaner)

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow%20on%20Facebook-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/choreoplaner/)

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visit%20www.choreo--planer.de-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=white)](https://www.choreo-planer.de)

## :+1: Collaborators

- [Andreas Nicklaus](https://github.com/andreasnicklaus) <br/> [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andreasnicklaus/) [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/andreasnicklaus) [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/andreasnicklaus)

## :scroll: License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for the license of this project.

## :sparkles: Version history

### 0.9.8 - 2025-01-08

- Fixed issues with mobile UI
- Added structured data for improved SEO
- Removed mailproxy and moved mail configuration to backend server

### 0.9.7 - 2025-01-08

- Added icon variants for holiday seasons
- Added server availability status information
- Fixed loading issues for new teams
- Added admin panel for application overview

### 0.9.6 - 2024-12-05

- Added feedback option
- Fixed spelling errors 

### 0.9.5 - 2024-11-29

- Improved usability by adding feedback messages for email confirmation and app installation prompt

### 0.9.4 - 2024-11-28

- Support for mobile devices
- Added email address to user profile used for logging in
- Added mailserver configuration for sending emails to admins and users
- Added social links to github and instagram
- Fixed display error of dot size on the choreo mat

### 0.9.3 - 2024-11-16

- Added support for installing the app from the browser
- Added impressum, data protection declaration and open graph meta tags
- Fixed errors on team creation and prerendering

### 0.9.2 - 2024-11-14

- Improved performance by prerendering public pages
- Added Meta tags for improved search engine visibility

### 0.9.1 - 2024-11-12

- Fixed errors on server build
- Added sitemap for search engine visibility

### 0.9.0 - 2024-11-11

- Implemented animations in editing view
- Added video and PDF download option
- Added keyboard shortcuts for quick editing
- Improved account management by adding account page
- Project version is visible in footer

Commit message:

Add internationalization support and integrate plugins for language selection

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="app/public/Icon.png/" width="200" height="200" alt="Choreo Planer Icon">

# Choreo Planer

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool?style=for-the-badge)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/In_Development-ffb02e?style=for-the-badge&logo=checkmarx&logoColor=white&label=status)

![Server Version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool?filename=server%2Fpackage.json&style=for-the-badge&label=Server%20Version)
![Website Version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool?filename=app%2Fpackage.json&style=for-the-badge&label=Website%20Version)

![Website status](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.choreo-planer.de&style=for-the-badge)
![Backend status](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.choreo-planer.de&style=for-the-badge&label=Backend)

![Backend server build status](<https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool/docker-server-image.yml?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white&label=Backend%20Build%20(Server)>)
![Frontend build status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool/pages.yml?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white&label=Frontend%20Build)

![Last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool?style=for-the-badge)
![Top languages](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool?style=for-the-badge)
![Language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/andreasnicklaus/cheer-choreo-tool?style=for-the-badge)

`Planning tool for choreographies in cheerleading and dance`

</div>

## :iphone: Socials

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow%20on%20Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/choreoplaner)

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow%20on%20Facebook-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/choreoplaner/)

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visit%20www.choreo--planer.de-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=white)](https://www.choreo-planer.de)

## :+1: Collaborators

- [Andreas Nicklaus](https://github.com/andreasnicklaus) <br/> [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andreasnicklaus/) [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/andreasnicklaus) [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/andreasnicklaus)

## :scroll: License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for the license of this project.

## :sparkles: Version history

### 0.9.9 - 2025-03-18

- Added internationalization for English and German

### 0.9.8 - 2025-01-08

- Fixed issues with mobile UI
- Added structured data for improved SEO
- Removed mailproxy and moved mail configuration to backend server

### 0.9.7 - 2025-01-08

- Added icon variants for holiday seasons
- Added server availability status information
- Fixed loading issues for new teams
- Added admin panel for application overview

### 0.9.6 - 2024-12-05

- Added feedback option
- Fixed spelling errors

### 0.9.5 - 2024-11-29

- Improved usability by adding feedback messages for email confirmation and app installation prompt

### 0.9.4 - 2024-11-28

- Support for mobile devices
- Added email address to user profile used for logging in
- Added mailserver configuration for sending emails to admins and users
- Added social links to github and instagram
- Fixed display error of dot size on the choreo mat

### 0.9.3 - 2024-11-16

- Added support for installing the app from the browser
- Added impressum, data protection declaration and open graph meta tags
- Fixed errors on team creation and prerendering

### 0.9.2 - 2024-11-14

- Improved performance by prerendering public pages
- Added Meta tags for improved search engine visibility

### 0.9.1 - 2024-11-12

- Fixed errors on server build
- Added sitemap for search engine visibility

### 0.9.0 - 2024-11-11

- Implemented animations in editing view
- Added video and PDF download option
- Added keyboard shortcuts for quick editing
- Improved account management by adding account page
- Project version is visible in footer
